>> Steve Kinney: All right,
so now we have both in place.
We can do a little bit of cleaning
up of the user interface.
Which is when we implemented those
security rules, we have a whole bunch of
stuff here that the user's gonna
get yelled at for doing, right.
Like, if they're not logged in,
we still show them the ad post forum,
even though, right,
they shouldn't see it, right.
And so there's a whole bunch of little
things that we can and should do,
in this case we could, for
instance we might want to hide
the Delete button from the ones
they can't delete, right.
We'll start with using just auth for
that right now because both of these,
actually for post we can just do it,
I believe,
>> Steve Kinney: For just the regular
post cuz that's to show the power
of the abstraction we just built.
We can just say,
>> Steve Kinney: useContext now.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll actually, I'm
gonna create myself just a little helper
function here just because I don't
wanna get too gnarly in here.
We'll say,
>> Steve Kinney: belongsToCurrentUser.
>> Steve Kinney: Pass in a currentUser,
and the user that owns this.
>> Steve Kinney: Whoop, I don't wanna talk
about how many times I make that mistake,
it's embarrassing.
>> Steve Kinney: There's no current user,
at any given point,
currentUser could be nul, so we always
have to be kind of defensive against that.
And then we'll do currentUser.uid.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll
call this one postAuthor,
>> Steve Kinney: .uid.
And so this is just a simple function
that will take the currentUser object and
the user that is passed into this post and
see if their uids are the same.
If the uids are the same they
should be able to delete the post.
If they are not the same,
then they shouldn't.
And before I made this abstraction,
I would have had to pass the user down
from the application to the posts,
from the posts to the singular post,
all the way down in order to
be able to do this, right.
I don't really want to do that, so
with this now I can just simply wrap the
components that care about a user in this.
So I'm already being able to
use this abstraction here.
So we'll get the user here, and
for the Delete button we'll just
say,
>> Steve Kinney: User,
actually these are both called user so
that's not gonna go great.
Call this one currentUser.
>> Steve Kinney: User,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll
close that curly brace.
We should be good.
Unclear what I have in
the same AI application.
So now you can see that, okay,
this component is somewhere down the tree.
And yeah, this still a small application,
but you can imagine it growing bigger.
This one component is somewhere down
the tree that cared about the user.
Cool, I can just pass it
right to that component.
And now we don't show the Delete
button for that one, which is awesome